docs: Update usage documents (#1073)
spidernet-io/spiderpool: docs/usage/reserved-ip.md

> You may have observed that there is a field `excludeIPs` in SpiderIPPool CRD . To some extent, it is also a mechanism for reserving IP, but its main work is not like this. Field `excludeIPs` is more of a **syntax sugar**, so that users can more flexibly define the IP address ranges of the IPPool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may have observed that there is a field `excludeIPs` in SpiderIPPool CRD. To some extent, it is also a mechanism for reserving IPs, but its main function is not like this. Field `excludeIPs` is more of a **syntax sugar**, so that users can more flexibly define the IP address ranges of the IPPool.
```

  - 172.18.42.41-172.18.42.50
```

> Then, create a Deployment with 3 replicas and have its Pods allocate IP addresses from the IPPool above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, create a Deployment with 3 replicas and allocate IP addresses to its Pods from the IPPool above.
```
